Nodded do we worked quite a bit with HTP sent requests God data transfer data and output our data here.
I also want to dive into two other topics regarding HTP.
One is error handling.
Let me go to my service and then I will remove the Jason at the end of my GET request here.
So I'm just reaching out to slash data and for firebase this will be invalid.
You are.
So now if I reload my app or you don't even need to reload it and it gets service you'll see an error
here.
You see this error message which gets generated by the browser you could say.
And you see we also get a response from firebase and here.
Well we simply get some data not very useful overall not very useful here.
Now imagine that you want to catch errors like this.
You could catch them by going to your service and there you can simply add the catch operator.
Now catch will get any error.
And as you just saw the error is also just of type response so if this response object but it holds
different data of course and then you can simply console lock this error like this.
Now this would not work however because we still need to return and observable here.
I guess this makes sense because we're subscribing to one.
So just like we have to return one in the map case and they're actually the map operator wraps the data
in an observable automatically.
We also have to return an observable here in the catch operator because again we do need this were subscribing
to an app component and we don't know if we get an error or a success response in advance.
So here you could think that we simply return error like this.
However for some reason the catch operator will not wrap our data into an observable automatically.
So here we actually need to create one on our own.
It's very simple though.
We can use the observable object which we need to import from our X shape's slash observable like this.
And here we can call the row method and pastie error response to it.
Now we still Rodi error but we're also logging into the console in between.
So if we save this and get again all now we simply log it twice.
Shouldn't be a surprise because we already logged here in the app component here and now we're just
doing the same here in the catch method but it does show you that this catch method is called.
Now of course here you can transform this error in any way you want to transform a more user friendly
message.
So a more useful usage of catch would be true to transform the error here.
Q Maybe not fro the error but some error message like.
Something went wrong just a string.
An AB component you could now display a modalists error message or something like this here.
I will still log it and error is now just a string.
So now if you let this reload and get service we see something went wrong.
Now this error here at the top you can't hide.
It's from a browser but below you can control what you want to display to the user.
You could even lock his arrows somewhere else whatever you want to do.
It's important to know that the catch method is stare and that you can do some centralized error or
transformation if you need it in your application.
In this operator